Added section related to https deployment #556 (#557)
MerginMaps/docs: src/server/security/index.md

# Secure Mergin Maps installation

> For security and privacy reasons Mergin Maps deployments should enable HTTPS secured connection via certificate file.

Reviewer: I would add some disclaimer at beginning that we are not responsible for security breach and the approach described is just an example and need to be tweaked based on the production deployment setup by expert

Author: I added it [now](https://github.com/MerginMaps/docs/pull/557/commits/efe0d5f95d2de995b9d2ce4a6e8e56e4e6fc6994)

# Secure Mergin Maps installation

::: warning

> This sections aims to provide some guidelines and a minimalistic example on how to secure a Mergin Maps deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sections aims to provide some guidelines and a minimalistic example on how to secure a <MainPlatformName /> deployment.
```

Let's have a quick look at the main sections:

``` shell
    server {
        listen                  443 ssl;
        server_name             merginmaps.company.com; # FIXME
        client_max_body_size    4G;
        ...
```

Here we enable SSL via the default `443` port and configure name-based HTTPS server via `server_name`. Here you should change this according to your target server name.

We don't recommend setting a `client_max_body_size` higher than specified, because that might lead to timeouts while uploading your data to Mergin Maps.

Next, you need to point your certificate files to NGINX configuration. This is done on the next lines on the secured configuration:

``` shell
    ...
    ssl_certificate_key /etc/letsencrypt/live/merginmaps.company.com/privkey.pem; # FIXME
    ssl_certificate     /etc/letsencrypt/live/merginmaps.company.com/fullchain.pem; # FIXME
    ...
```

The above example uses automated keys generated by CertBot. For more information, visit [CertBot](https://certbot.eff.org/instructions) website and check how you can generate your own keys.

> 

Reviewer 3: maybe add some comment that several other security settings for headers should be reviewed

https://github.com/MerginMaps/server/blob/master/ssl-proxy.conf#L39 and below
